so behind me over there you see our
pursuit book which is one of our fancy
boats I am running it on 120 MPSC which
was my personal choice you can do more
45 mah 4s battery at a 16 20 kV motor
I'm using I'll be Kings attorney G GTX
three three channel radio quite a
conflict what adjustable you can store
up to like 10 models by name this thing
is so easy to drive and then drive it
while I film
[Applause]
[Music]
shake it
[Applause]
[Music]
all right so steady love it
[Applause]
you can flip this boat
[Music]
[Applause]
it's beautiful the detail it's very
there's not a lot of decals on it so you
can do what are we on whether I
personally like it like that I think
it's a beautiful yellow it's really nice
it really seems like a collectible hobby
boat
[Music]
[Applause]
so let's say for the pursuit I hope you
enjoyed it I personally loved all this
boats boats are my thing I
[Music]
bye-bye now
[Applause]
[Music]